---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


# In-Class Git Exercises

Prior to this course, I have had a decent amount of exposure to git throughout my other computer science classes. Thus, the in-class git exercise was not new information but definitely a useful refresher on git. I am glad that was a part of the curriculum because it helped clarify any lingering confusion I had about git and GitHub.

# Browser Extension Project

For our extension project, my team decided on creating an extension that changes the colors of your tabs based on the color you select from the pop-up menu. First, my group has no experience in creating an extension so this was a new project to work on. Second, we faced an obstacle in which we could not figure out how to change the tab colors even though we knew that the message to call the function setColor() was working fine. It took us a while to figure out how to use the theme.update() function in order to set the color we wanted. Finally, we got the extension to work which was quite satisfying and a cool experience to have done.

<!--more-->

I helped set-up the intitial framework for the Javascript and JSON files based on the two extensions we had worked on in class. I also helped troubleshoot the setColor() obstacle on my personal branch of the repository but ultimately my teammate Romee was the one to figure out how to get around it. As I have interest in design, I spent a while editing the styling of the extension, including the pop-up menu and the tab color choices. Furthermore, I ensured the colors were accessible as I am a firm believer in simple and functional design.