---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# My Group Work

My group created a tab coloring browser extension that allowed users to style their tabs to their selected shade. I felt that my group worked pretty well together and communicated well when there was an issue. We discussed our work over Zoom calls and text message, which allowed for clear understanding. I learned that I work best when there is a clear divison of work and time for myself to understand the problem. I contributed to our group by helping to solve the blocker that we had on the file color.js and doing the front-end styling of the extension using Javascript, HTML, and CSS.

<!--more-->

# New Learnings

Prior to this project, I had no experience creating a web extension and rarely used Mozilla Firefox as well. From working on the code, I now understand how the different elements of a browser page come together and what pieces allow for the styling of tabs. I also got to use default APIs such as theme() which helped me better understand how the front-end of a browser is built.

# Team Projects + Presentations
The other team presentations were all very impressive and interesting to learn about. My favorite was Team 4's [YouTube Interface Customizer](https://github.com/ossd-s23/YouTube-Customizer). It was fascinating how much work was built into the extension and the parts of the page they were able to alter. I particularly liked the ability to change the video player, such as the section that displayed how much time into the video the user is. 