---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


# Part 1: Go Project + Eclipse

The Code of Conduct outlines the expected standards, responsibilities, and conflict resolutions. The section on values demonstrates what users in the community should aspire to, which helps define the behavior of everyone. I believe all projects that are collaborative in nature would benefit from having a document such as this one.

There are a few differences between the Go Project's Code of Conduct and the Contributor Covenant website. First, the enforcement section has been altered so that users are encouraged to resolve their issues on their own before any official interference. This is even shown in the title, which has been renamed Conflict Resolution. I believe the Go project made these changes to allow users to learn from their conflict and figure out how to better work together. Second, there is a Summary section that was added by the Go Project. This makes sure that the most important information is delivered so that even if a user does not read the entire document, they will at least read the summary as it is concise.

<!--more-->

[Eclipse Code of Conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php)

The detail of the investigation process for any disputes is a lot more detailed in the Eclipse Code of Conduct than in the one for the Go project. My guess for this change is that Eclipse may have more users attempting to contribute to the source code which will naturally result in an increase in potential conflicts. Furthermore, the examples given of what contributors should and should not do are greater in number compared to the Go project examples, which helps the user better understand what is acceptable.

# Part 2: Sugar Labs

The Sugar Labs Code of Conduct is broken down into the values of what contributors should aspire to be. It also gives suggested actions for certain scenarios. This document is based on the Ubuntu Code of Conduct, which explains the differences between this document and the Go project's Code of Conduct.

# Part 3: Discord Code of Conduct

[Discord Code of Conduct](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

The Discord Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant so the document is very similar to the Go project. However, it appears less altered than the Go projects and more aligned with the original document.

# Add-On Project

Working on the add-on project in-class was an interesting experience. I had never created a browser extension before and it was fun to do so. I was quite surprised to see how simple it was to create an extension and implement it.