---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# Open Source Projects

I have looked at many open source projects in the past week when trying to decide which ones to evaluate and also which projects I may be interested in contributing to. The first thing I noticed is that while I am interested in design projects, these repository issues may not necessarily relate to design even though the overall product does. Thus, I realized that the actual issues I am interested in fixing may not always match up to the overall product I am interested in contributing to. This made it harder for me to narrow down which projects I would ultimately decide to work on for this course.

<!--more-->

# What Excites Me

One of the biggest reasons I enjoy Computer Science and decided to pursue it as my secondary major was because I love building things. Thus, working on an open source project is particularly exciting to me when I consider that my contribution can go live and be something I built that is used by others. This sentiment has heavily influenced my career path so I am not surprised as to why this is one of the primary reasons why I took this course. In addition, I have no prior experience in open source so I am eager to continue working with others. Computer science in university courses is not always collaborative in nature, so this is a nice change of pace.

# Biggest Challenges

I believe the biggest challenges include choosing the right project to work on for one's own team and being able to find help with stuck on an issue. For the first one, I plan to spend a lot of time carefully figuring out what I want to work on and what my teammates want to work on. I appreciate that the project selection is starting earlier this semester given previous semester's difficulty with picking open source projects. For the second challenge, I am hopeful that the project I work on has clear guidelines as to what to do when facing a coding obstacle. However, if it does not, I believe I am a resourceful person and am determined to figure out the solution to whatever problem I am having.

