---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# Christopher Snider Reflection
Christopher Snider's talk this past week was interesting and I think he was a very well-spoken presenter. I appreciate him answering my question on expanding to other health concerns and his elaboration on how menstrual cycles can affect diabetes based on hormone fluctuation. It was also eye-opening to learn more about open source in the healthcare industry because healthcare is an area that I typically think to be very closed off. I associate the industry with lots of data privacy given how confidential our medical information is and should be. However, it makes sense to implement open source software in certain aspects, especially relating to how we discussed that when individuals feel an issue personally they are more likely to take action to solve it. As we learned in class, Tidepool is very much intertwined with the diabetes community, with many of its employees having diabetes themselves.

# Group Project Reflection
The biggest obstacle we are currently facing regards our main task which is to display lobbying disclosure data on each bill page. This feature needs backend data to be sent through, but the backend is still being implemented and the data is not fully uploaded into their database. This is causing a delay on our project which is the frontend work, thus we have currently completed the table display using dummy data. Our group has recently started to look through other issues that may not have been assigned to us directly and request to be assigned to those tickets. This has worked out quite well since we have been able to contribute more lines of code through that.
