---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - First Post
---

# My Involvement with Open Source
When I think about open source, I think about software built by multiple individuals or organizations that collaborate to meet a shared goal. An advantage of open source is the ability to include individuals around the globe and those the owner may not necessarily know. Thus, newcomers could make innovative changes that help solve large problems. Closed source seems to have more control over who is building the software and how it is being built. The vision of the product is more clearly defined by that one group. I decided to register for a class about open source software development because I had no prior experience in this field and was interested in this concept. Software is one of the few industries where a unique concept like open source could work. Finally, I prefer hands-on classes where I can apply my CS learnings to external projects.

# Bootstrap
I really like Bootstrap and the practical applications it has. I have used it in the past to quickly create better looking design and it was especially useful when I was less familiar with frontend languages.

# Visual Studio Code
Visual Studio Code is the software I use to write almost all my programs in various languages. I interact with this platform at least a few times a week and have grown quite familiar with it. Prior to this course, I did not realize VSCode was open source, given it is owned by technology giant Microsoft. I had this impression that open source and public company were mutually exclusive, which I now realize is false.

# React-Native
React-Native is one of my go-tos when building an application. I have used it in courses previously and have really appreciated the easiness of setting it up. I also like how it is beginner-friendly.

# MongoDB
This software is the primary platform I use for database creation. Backend data management is quite complex and I feel that MongoDB does a good job of organizing all the information and making it easy to edit.
