
---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Group Work Reflection

During our first group meeting in-class, we decided to work on the open source project for the Massachusetts Platform for Legislative Engagement (MAPLE). At first, we wanted to work on Wordpress, since that was a product we have used as consumers and were familiar with. However, we quickly realized that there were many individuals who wanted to contribute to Wordpress. Given our class timeline and my group's eagerness to work on a project where we felt we could make an impact, we decided to switch gears. We knew that some of the more successful projects in the past were done by contributing to smaller repositories so we started looking into the government, specifically into our personal state governments. Ultimately, we found CodeForBoston's repository given I am a resident of the Greater Boston Area, and stumbled upon MAPLE. 

<!--more-->

After selecting the project, we started reading about how we could get started. We joined the main Slack channel for CodeForBoston and the specific channels related to the MAPLE project. We also sent an email to the head of the organization who connected us with the MAPLE team lead. He invited us to hop on a standing weekly team call that same night, but unfortunately it was too late notice to do so. We are currently trying to figure out a good time to meet and figure out what the best place for our group would be in terms of help. 

I hope that this project will allow us to make a positive impact on the CodeForBoston organization and I would like our contributions to be added. My concern would be that the MAPLE project is close to launch so right now I am unsure where we would best help. In addition, being close to launch may make projects more stressful / crucial, so I hope there is room for newcomers to hop on.